speedtest-cli: add --csv and --json examples (#4465)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/speedtest-cli.md

- Run a speed test to the given speedtest.net server id:

`speedtest-cli --server {{server_id}}`

> - Generate CSV results file with specified delimiter:

Author: Thanks for the correction!

`speedtest-cli --csv --csv-delimiter {{delimiter_char}}`

> - Suppress verbose output & display results in JSON format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display results in JSON format, suppressing the progress information:
```
